let's ramps uncle what's up with these
ramps good mother mine
but why that mother of mine back and
rolling around then all the
world with this the point that point and that
you can
what's up with blacks we're in a free
Moment be another funny epic moments
you know if you want the races
well there you are giving it like so that
we get about 700 or 1000 plus likes or
less and I'll give you another video with the
racing so to speak a top 5 and good
guys let's see what he brings here because
we are playing with subscribers and good
will also be in villarreal day and
cookies
these ramps
allawi is cool as someone who
it is taken 43 44 43
Water
i
and now I'm here today
5 months career
yeah I'm going with the bike to the poultice
this is the king of the claims this more
Big East light in the trunk
regulation guys
for for the left
now it spits me reassured me that
another thing tranquilito tranquilito
this that gorge the head again
but if you tried to control this guy throws
then stopping it there a march
back that I have plenty of power his follows
by the seriousness of their children of serious
Help me
good mother of mine
this is back and rolling around
with unleashed the world with this the point
what point you can not only think is
impossible
there is the point protect us now by
please seen and this goes up all and
this is pure magic
the magic the six-wheeler kid a
palante method
everything I want because it is in the
punta sands acquire in game that
we have because it has a power that is
your amazing and it was the power makes
until I get the smoke from the wheel but
there is one for the left and left
left two is already hanging to right
boy I'm going for right to what
go up on the right first up
or up to the left can be
the rock that she rocks you but so
tall goes over the rock but
has a line to the left now
now to the left
lower left lower left
dyslexic left what the fuck I'm
braking that this does not slow down
above
where is the uncle point to me I have the
power to where the road continues
up
no no no
in power on six wheels and now
dedicating it
ravine
that now turns for again for the
left south for the road to
left
monterrey del loco super I'll p you still
up right on up here
to the right so your vote to the left
on the left
jump and jump over here
right where you're going and right by
here
down is taking it for ass
next we are going to go around a lot
see what happens
or not
it would be better down the sidewalk
right I do not know but look like they fell
of the pen and could not and mean by the
hollow of the right kewell with hicoteas
and I'm turning
a ripe cookie
until that right is there
right to left to left
for the right by the gap the
trees that we just dropped a point if
that peak this is on the right one
wall to wall to wall
before arriving cross the right but what
consume before you continue to hear it
of the goal to the left where
now back
I want to open the tour and I see the city of
the greece son the avenue of tomorrow
accident the dialogue lost shit tell
nothing